# CustomClean 1.2.0
> For HCP outputs and other things you need to clean up!

## Usage
1. CustomClean GUI (`custom_clean_gui.py`)
> Choose an example directory and select files to delete within it,
> then save a JSON of that pattern that can be run on any directory with a
> similar file structure.

  * Select an example directory (e.g. a subject directory) and click `Open`.
  * In new file tree window, choose folders or files to **delete**, then click `OK`.
    * *Please note: If working with a subject folder that contains a numbered series of
    directories (e.g. REST1, REST2, etc.), any deletions indicated for [directory_name]1 may
    be applied to all other directories in that series. See information about --pattern flag
    in cleaning script below.*
  * Choose a directory and filename for your JSON file and click `Save`.
  * The GUI will notify you whether your JSON was created successfully.
2. CustomClean Cleaning Script (`cleaning_script.py`)
> Delete things in a given directory based on the pattern given in the JSON generated by the GUI

  * Takes two required arguments: -j --json [path to JSON] -d --dir [path to target directory]
  * May take one optional argument: -p --pattern [string to use for series of folders (e.g. -p "REST" to
    use same deletion pattern for REST1, REST2 etc. directories) 
  * Error information will display on the console.
  * Success information (i.e. what files, directories, and links were removed)
  will be written to a file at the top level of the target directory called
  `custom_clean_success_record.txt`.

  * NOTE: * may be used as a wildcard in filepaths when running the cleaning script on
  target directories, e.g. for subject IDs in filepaths. As of this writing, it involves
  manually editing the JSON before running the cleaning script.

## Setup

Dependencies:
  * python 2.7
  * argparse 1.1
  * PyQT4 (easiest to install within Anaconda)
